Mr. Shen, as long as you let me and my mother go
I'll call you the money right away
Mr. Shen, I know
You've always loved your job the most
Isn't it? Even if you take the money
You'll have to hide too
Just be honest and wait to die.
I'll tell you what.
Don't insult me with money
That's not what I mean.
If you keep wearing it, you can easily transfer the money to you.
It means he doesn't care about the money at all
With his ability
If I can cooperate with him in depth in the future
You can make more money than that.
It's the right trip today
God is helping me
Thank you Shen Zhenhua
How dare you touch him?
Tanizawa misunderstanding
I just want to misunderstand baby
You are finally here.
Baby wake up
Mr. Gu has recovered all the money
People have also detained it, just waiting for your release.
Wait until he wakes up
I just want to be quiet with him now
Yes
Don't touch my child
Child is ok
hear through
It's my child who's alright
Don't worry, even the doctor said
I have never seen such a tenacious little baby
He will be happy in the future
Scared me to death